okay cool this is my review on the we
were title ball ran blast that's for
good okay so the basic game over is the
same as eight players in each map so now
you see it's got like 3d ice graphics
which are really nice see what power-ups
that you've got to throw plots and so
each other so there's power-ups like the
flames that will increase your blast
radius the forms that will let you put
down more than one form at the time and
now there's parts that will lower the
amount of forms you have or lower your
glass radius basically if you get locked
out then this wasn't in balm and free
you'll go around the outside the arena's
you'll see light blue and red all right
now shooting bombs and if you mash to
kill some one of those bones then you
can come back in which striking is a
really great feature you can have eight
players playing one console if you have
four game controllers and for Wii
remotes on this side which is a really
great feature
except you cannot use the classic
controller unfortunately but it's no big
deal
so yeah the Walmart and gamers same
block blocks and tries to stretch each
other with ones there's lots of
different loads this is one of the
game's new modes this is air raid which
one's keeping drops down and you can't
drop ones yourself but as you see it
marks where bombs come where they're
going to blow up but if a forum last
noon you'll be temporarily paralyzed so
the more warms come down as the game
progresses
so if you get knocked out you can again
go around the outside of the arena our
phone ones are people
there's loads of customization options
for your battle like here you can switch
the frequency of items even if you want
them to appear asshole which i think is
really neat you also have more
customizations as you can see here you
can make it to the items of fireproof
that's why out so they can't get blown
up by the bombs and then if you hate
those costs skulls then you tell them or
loads of different stages to pass on
they all have like their own twist to
them as you see here every rocket
destructor there's no indestructible
block so there are exactly blocks like
mushrooms but it's just a great little
vino where everything can get blown up
so you get like being open fights and I
really like with these other stages in
this game they're definitely better than
these data simple 993 which won't bad
but the default stage was always the
best in that game as you can see we have
a really nice lovely stage here so
there's just lots of rice in the state
isn't it as you can see you just got
some nice graphical effects there it's
just great so one of the best things
about scheme is of course as online play
and online play well it works great
there is a little bit of lag and
normally there's no lag but for what it
is it's great and you can also have four
players playing off one console so you
could have three of your friends rounds
or four of you going against for the
random people or maybe someone on your
friends list online as you can see the
rough times with the heads in the air my
performances another one of the new
modes the countdown which is a fun load
again there's no real major duds here ok
so my conclusion humble man blasts for
we were this is one of the better will
you wear games one of the better
Bomberman games and just overall great
value
would cost you 1,000 weak points which
is 7 hunter in the UK and 10 dollars in
the US definitely a great deal great
gameplay great most player great online
of though there's a little bit of lag
but still go download